Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I got around a little later because we went to church, and I was rushing to feed the kids and stuff before, and I apologize.
I want to get on here earlier because there are so many of you that say, "Hey, I go to bed.
What?
You're praying way too late, Brandon.
" And I would love it.
I think I'm trying to start to get the live streams around 7:00, but that'll affect going to Wednesday night church and stuff.
I don't know what we're going to do.
But I know in my heart when I do the live streams around 7:00, we'll get over 10,000 people on a live stream at one time.
And so, I believe that's significant for prayer results.
You know, we're touching the nations.
I believe with all my heart we're touching the nations for Jesus.
And people are getting saved, and it's just wonderful what God is doing here.
So, I just want to be encouraging tonight about some of the things that the Lord was—we were praying over last night.
Whenever the spirit of the Lord hit my little girl in that river as she was interceding for me, interceding with Diana, and they were praying, everybody kept saying, "I hear a third voice.
" We don't know who the third voice was.
I kept thinking it was Sister Billie.
I told Diana I thought she was playing something and they were praying alongside it, but there was nobody else in the house.
They were in the closet and they were praying, and it was so loud in the closet that it sounded like a third person was praying with them, but there was not a third person.
So, I thought it was really interesting because I even personally thought there was a third person.
And I kept thinking, and I told Diana, I said, "That sounds familiar.
Who is that?
" And I was trying to figure it out myself.
Diana said, "There was nobody in the closet with us.
" So, we tried to think about that.
We thought about that all the rest of the night.
Who was the third voice praying and interceding?
It was loud.
But it was interesting because so many of you heard the third voice, too.
And Paisley was praying.
What we were praying about, we saw great revival coming to the nation, but it was with the youth.
I saw a stirring in the youth that was all over Australia, all over America, Europe, but God was touching the young people in a glorious way.
In a glorious way that was over the top of anything I could dare ask or think concerning the youth.
The Lord said, "The devil has come after the youth hard, but I'm coming after him harder.
" Brandon, there will be—and I saw at the Church of His Presence, I saw a major youth revival also taking place with the glorious outpouring that's going to take place there.
And then that was the same thing the Lord was talking to us about the youth building that the church in Collinsville is building and what God is going to do with the outpouring of the spirit on the youth in Oklahoma.
I know in my heart, just as Paisley was praying and interceding for the youth and for me—I mean for the broadcast—it was just over the top because she was in that travail, as you know.
And everybody asks, "How old is Paisley?
" I don't let Paisley come on the internet.
She's my youngest, and she is just—she's not even a teenager yet; she's just a child.
And so, most people want to know—no, I've got a lot of creepy people that follow me, and I protect Paisley.
There's a call on Paisley's life, and even with my other children as we all know, but Paisley is already seeing, and so we just don't talk about it.
God's developing some things inside her, and it's through prayer.
I teach her everything I know; we pray in the car together, and I'm teaching her even before she becomes a teenager how to jump in these rivers and see prophetically and be yielded to it.
And so, it's been amazing to watch what he's done with this little girl.
Braden is very techy and very smart like his mama.
Diana is very smart, and they are able to do things that I can't do.
So, it's very interesting how we all flow together with our giftings.
Diana's really smart with finances and things like that, and Braden's smart with technological things.
Paisley is still trying to figure out what God's called her to do, but I see more of a prayer mantle on her than any kid usually at her age.
I've never seen it before.
And I'm not bragging because she's my kid.
You know, you'll go, "Well, yeah, of course you'd say that because that's your child.
" No, no, no.
This is different.
It's different.
I know.
And I'm one of those Simon Cowells.
I'm not going to tell the person if their kid can't sing very well and they're in there auditioning for tryouts for singing, I'm going to say, "Honey, you just don't got it.
It's okay.
You can develop it or something through voice lessons.
" I'm just really blunt.
And so, you know, that's why I believe that God's called me to go to certain places and rattle the places with the prophetic gifting inside of you.
God calls you to stir churches; God calls you to stir the people.
I have pastors from all around the world watch me and say, "Brandon, you're stirring us up to get us ready for the end times.
" My job is to rattle the cages, to yell from there.
And I don't ever feel like I'm correcting; I'm just yelling through what the Lord is telling me to say to pastors, to churches, to ministries to warn you that he's coming.
And we must give altar calls.
We must get the lost saved.
Even if you don't think anybody in your congregation is going to be saved that night, give people the opportunity to make a choice.
And God's going to hold us accountable for it.
And I'm so thankful that we're seeing that now.
We're seeing some fruit of that.
We're seeing some fruit and some change, and we're seeing God move on some hearts.
And it's wonderful to see the opportunity for the lost to give their heart to Jesus Christ.
So, my heart is souls; my heart is a passion for souls.
And we're seeing so many saved on this channel.
It's amazing to see what the Lord is doing in these last days.
Either we believe that he's coming or we don't.
Either we believe that the coming of the Lord is at hand or we don't.
And if we do believe it, there'll be urgency behind what we say and how we act.
Some of us are growing more than others.
Some of us are going through the birthing pains of ministry that we've never walked before.
And that's me and Diana.
We've never walked this before.
So, we try to find camaraderie in people sometimes, and maybe the Lord always said for us to stay to ourselves and we need to grow with our birthing pains a little bit more privately.
But I'm going to tell you this, it's all been amazing what the Lord has done with us in the last two and a half years.
And the Lord spoke to me today and he told me to tell you this.
We were driving down the road and I was going to do some things with Diana, and I'm telling you, I was looking over at a tree as I was driving and I was in the spirit praying, and all of a sudden the Lord said, "I want to talk to you about what's coming as you see this shot that President Trump has in his hand right now.
" Do you see that?
He's about to interject.
He's about to administer into the economy.
Is that what a doctor does?
Yeah, inject into the economy.
He's about to show up and show off in a way the Lord is in your finances.
And he said, "There'll be many of you.
" I want you to hear what he said.
He said, "There'll be many of you that have had the opportunity and you have listened and obeyed what he's told you to do, and you over—just in a short amount of time—will have the wealth of what we talked about in Deuteronomy 8: wells you didn't dig, houses you didn't furnish, blessing and increase beyond anything you can ever comprehend, imagine, or think is coming to you.
" And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, I'm telling you, I'm going to show you today.
' As I was driving, he said, 'I'm going to show you today.
I show you a lot of the warnings on the other side of the coin, but I am going to allow you to see the blessing side right now privately between me and you, and you can tell the people what's coming.
' As I was looking over, I saw that big thing.
I saw great financial stimulation coming to try to make a rally, to make things happy, to make people excited, and to pull people out of the funk of this 'sky is falling' mentality where everything is going to zero.
The oil wells—everybody's freaking out—and war, war, war.
I saw a stimulation coming where Trump had a battle plan of how to get the votes, since he is the president in November.
I saw certain investments skyrocketing.
I saw certain things starting to take off and the Lord said, 'This is...
' I saw certain countries that have been dormant starting to come up, like Cuba and others, and I saw a blessing.
People say, 'Well, Brandon, you said you saw the...
' Yes, I see two sides.
I see the fruit of stimulus; I see debt.
I see what is happening to the American economy with a shot that only lasts for a little bit.
It's like an adrenaline rush.
Caffeine at Starbucks only lasts for a little bit, but it makes you feel good for probably two hours until you crash, but it still gets you through for that little time.
I saw certain rug pulls happening with great manipulation, like it was with silver.
What everybody said was not normal, what happened with silver.
Remember it was way high and I told you?
Everything I say on this is all in my opinion for your entertainment purposes only.
I am not a financial adviser.
I say all that because it's what I've been told to say.
This is what our channel is about as the prophetic part of what I believe, but this is what I feel the Lord has told me and I'm entitled to my opinion.
I believe this is what the Lord has told me.
I could miss it; I could be off.
I want to say, I saw...
remember when I talked about silver?
The Lord said, 'Today's a great day to sell silver,' and it was at a hundred and some dollars an ounce and then within just 24 hours it went down, but I wasn't allowed to talk about it.
The Lord tells me things and he talks to me about investments.
He tells me about property, he talks to me about all kinds of things and says, 'In the future, this will be worth this.
' I'll just drive down the road and say, 'That right there is a good investment.
' They are huge ideas, but I just pray over it.
There are certain things that are coming.
The Lord showed me about finances and the body of Christ, that there'll be rug pulls, great manipulation, and things to get you not to trust it—to trust banks and these other things—but then they'll try to get you to trust it.
They don't want you to become really wealthy.
I saw a manipulation where they don't want Bob, Joe, and Billy Bob to become extremely wealthy.
So, if they're not smart enough to know when to hold them, know when to fold them, know when to walk away, and know when to run, you lose it all.
And the Lord said, 'Count your money while you're sitting at the table.
' I'm teasing; he didn't say that.
I joke around with the Lord.
The Lord has a great sense of humor.
You all need to get to know him.
Some of you do, but he has an amazing sense of humor.
He made me, and so you have to go, 'If he can make me, he has a great sense of humor.
' He likes to laugh and talk about sports.
He likes to have fun.
He loves his kids.
Most people only see God as a religious fixture, like something too much to talk to or have a relationship with.
But God is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He loves you and he has a plan for your life.
Most people only see him as someone you go to on Sunday or take communion and confess, then hope he forgives you.
But I can assure you he does, and he has a plan for your life.
I hear these things whenever he's talking to me about what's about to take place.
I saw certain currencies going up in value.
I saw a breakthrough in certain things.
And he said, 'Remember I told you it wouldn't be as much as what people thought and they'll be disappointed in it, but it's a startup.
' This is what you would call a startup if you listen to me.
I saw Elon...
I can say this because I saw Elon using something for X in the days ahead.
I saw a lot of exchange and things about to take place even with Elon.
I saw great, huge investments in certain cryptos from certain individuals like Michael Saylor and people like that who will dump billions into certain things in the days ahead.
Hundreds of billions.
Countries.
I didn't see trillions; I saw hundreds of billions, and it was in certain countries and nations.
I saw a frenzy that was coming in the future.
I don't know when, but the Lord said specifically to pray for the summer months, to pray for this time frame with this shot.
Praying for him to have wisdom on how to implement it.
In my opinion, how will he implement this?
I saw the man that takes over Jerome Powell's place trying to come up with a battle plan: 'How do we save America?
How do we become what we need to be in these last days?
' Basically, I don't know how else to say it.
As I watched Putin, I saw a plan trying to take place concerning getting rid of Zelensky in the days ahead.
'How do we eliminate Zelensky?
How do we take him out?
' Do you get what I'm saying?
I saw the puppet Pinocchio with the big nose, Zelensky, who was being manipulated by Macron and the EU.
He was a puppet, a marionette, and he was moving around.
People say, 'Well, I like Zelensky.
' You have to have more discernment.
You have to come up higher in your prayer life.
If you think these people are good, you are falsely mistaken.
These people are not good.
Am I saying Putin's good?
No, he is not.
They are all bad.
But you can't let one go, 'Well, he's the good guy, he's the bad guy.
' There are no good guys in politics.
They may pretend they're good, but every one of them got there...
you have to let the elevator go to the top.
I'm telling you by the spirit of God what I've seen and the darkness in these nations in Europe.
As the king was here—I don't know if he's still here or not—I told you he was a scorpion.
And he came out with a scorpion and he turned towards Canada, he turned towards Europe, and he was getting ready to pinch his pincers.
Then he comes here, has dinner, and does things.
I told you I saw an antichrist darkness trying to overshadow our president.
I didn't know that he was coming this week.
That's when I saw it on Sunday and I said there's something very dark trying to come around Trump.
What is this?
I had no idea.
It's the king.
What is influencing Trump behind the scenes that we didn't know?
What counsel was he being given from the king?
Well, we're all trying to be friends and have fist bumps and eat pie and maybe some lemonade or whatever because we know Trump doesn't drink.
But I saw an Antichrist spirit trying to be and I said, "What is this darkness, Lord?
" And I couldn't get through it.
And I thought, "What's going around Trump?
" Then the king shows up.
I said, "There's a darkness.
" Now, am I saying the antichrist is the king?
No.
But there is a demonic covering over the royals that is dark.
And I'm telling you, I've seen this—the lizard people.
I've said there's darkness there.
And I said there's part there like this is lineages of lizard stuff.
And I saw certain royal families that have been keeping the bloodline clean.
I saw darkness.
Am I wrong?
I don't know.
So I just tell you what I saw.
You said, "Well, Brandon, you're drinking some bad Kool-Aid.
" Hey, I'm just telling you what I saw.
And so when I saw him here, I thought that's what we saw.
That's what the darkness was.
Because I told Braden, I said, "What in the world was that?
I haven't seen that darkness ever around Trump.
What was over his shoulder talking to him?
" I said, "I saw an antichrist demonic spirit talking to President Trump this week.
" And the Lord said, "Pray for him.
" And it was so heavy.
The darkness was so heavy.
I thought, "What is this?
What did he yield to?
Who's in there talking to him?
" We talked about it for hours.
I told Braden, "I have never seen this around our president ever.
" I was puzzled.
I said, "What is talking on his right shoulder?
What is this influencing our president that looks like this?
" And then this week happened and then he spoke to our Congress.
He was invited to speak.
So I thought, is this the darkness that you warned me about on Sunday as we're in Wednesday?
Very interesting to me because I've never again, like I said, I've never seen that kind of darkness around our president before.
Even when MBS shows up, I don't see it like that until that man showed up.
And I thought that's interesting.
So let's see what happens over the days ahead.
As you look here, he is—all the Democrats are standing up front.
Of course, that's their friend.
Can you show him?
Just a little bit.
I wanted to show that he was there.
So, he spoke to everybody.
I didn't listen to the speech.
I don't care to listen to the speech, so it is what it is.
It's very interesting though.
I just want you all to be watching.
I told you a great acceleration of things would start to take place as of April 1st.
And we are at the end of April on the 29th.
Today—tomorrow is the last day of April.
And look at all that is happening ever since then.
It's been a very interesting couple of weeks, huh?
All right.
And then they put two kings.
Is that his right shoulder?
If he's facing that way, yes, on his right shoulder.
There's a darkness on his right shoulder.
It's very specific.
Do you see the Lord tells me things very specifically?
There will be a darkness on his right shoulder.
And I said, "What am I looking at?
" And I didn't know.
And I told you, I said, "I'm looking into a two-state solution.
I'm looking into MBS.
I saw Jared.
I saw these people.
I saw Ezekiel 38 and 39.
" And I said, "We're rice paper thin for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
" And many of you don't really realize it.
There's not enough urgency in the body of Christ.
Most churches aren't even giving altar calls.
Do you understand?
But there's no urgency in the body of Christ.
If there is urgency, the Lord said, "Tell them I'm coming.
Tell them I'm coming.
" So I do it every single time.
I try to spur you, you know.
Some people don't like it though and they think I'm challenging.
I guess they send me the emails: "Grow up" or whatever.
You don't have to listen.
Turn it off.
But at least I can say I warned you.
Go ahead.
Next.
Do you have anything else on?
Oh, yeah.
And then he said he wants to stay.
So Jerome Powell wants to keep his job.
He wants to work it.
I told you he'd be looking for employment.
Nobody wants to hire him.
He's looking for a job.
I saw a help wanted sign; he wanted help.
One of those help wanted signs.
He was out there begging for work.
But he's like, "I want to stay there.
" And I'm like, I'm sure Trump, the day he loses his position of where he's at right now, he's going to fire him.
He can go sell ice cream with Joe Biden.
You and Joe Biden can open an ice cream shop.
But he's done.
Very interesting.
Too late.
Powell wants to stay at the Fed because he can't get a job anywhere else.
I told you he's going to be looking for work.
I don't know.
Powell says he will stay on as Fed governor after his term as chair ends.
You're fired.
Get out of here.
That's what he's going to tell him.
I don't know if he can fire him, but I'm sure if he finds a way, he can.
Trust me.
You're fired.
Get out of here.
All right.
Go ahead.
Next.
This one.
What is that, baby?
Okay, let's listen to this.
I want you to hear this.
What was said about the peaches in New Jersey?
Okay.
Now I am walking through the peach orchard at Heilig Orchards in Mullica Hill, New Jersey.
200 acres surround weather swings during the last month or so.
His crop here has been a total loss, complete devastation.
Also, another important note, he tells me that he believes peaches are going to be almost impossible to come by in New Jersey.
And if you do get them, they'll probably be much more expensive.
How bad is this for folks who don't understand?
This is catastrophic.
I doubt folks will be able to find any peaches this summer at all in New Jersey.
A rough month for Heilig orchards is an understatement.
Like many other farms in South Jersey and the rest of the state, Carl Heilig tells NBC 10 his peaches are gone.
200 acres of the fruit ruined from drastic weather swings.
When it gets that cold, you can't do much about it.
I mean, these little tiny peaches were in the worst possible stage that they could have been in to sustain that kind of cold weather.
Everyone you cut open is just dead.
That happens a lot.
Extremely hot days that caused the fruit to blossom, followed by frigid weather killed his peach crops.
They make up 80% of his bottom line.
There's five apples.
Yeah.
So they're just basically saying that there's a massive freeze that killed all the peaches up north and so there's nobody going to have peaches.
And I think that's kind of interesting.
I think that's kind of interesting, you know, major stuff going on with the signs of the times.
Maybe that's happened before recently, but I just think it's interesting when I start seeing all the things the Lord has warned us about, about crops, about drought, about dust bowls, about shortages of water all around and praying for the rain.
Praying for a significant rain.
What is this right here?
This is him.
Okay, now play that.
Yeah.
Did you hear this?
No, I didn't.
Okay.
Yeah, this is him saying he's going to have to do it or something like that.
Okay, we just talked about this.
I mean, go ahead.
On your call, CNN fake news.
On your call with President Putin today, do you think the war in Iran ends first or the war in Ukraine?
Ukraine.
Well, we talked more about the war in Ukraine, but he would like to be of help.
I said, "Before you help me, I want to end your war.
" So, we had a good talk.
I've known him a long time.
I think he was ready to make a deal a while ago.
I think some people made it difficult for him to make a deal, but let's talk more about Ukraine.
Which war do you think ends first?
Ukraine?
That's an interesting question.
Coming from you, that's very interesting.
Which war would end first?
I don't know.
Maybe they're on a similar timetable.
I think Ukraine, militarily, they're defeated.
You wouldn't know that by reading the fake news, but militarily, look at their navy.
They had 159 ships.
Every ship is right now underwater.
Typically, that's pretty good.
What do you think, Jared?
I mean, CNN fake news on your call with the President.
Let me help me pray in your Oval Office all day.
Well, I believe Ukraine—I believe that what I saw even two nights ago, what the Lord was showing us about this, they have a different mentality in Iran.
And the Lord showed us, we saw fighting of this holy war, trying to bring forth the Mahdi.
And as I was praying into the Ukrainian war and this conflict, the Lord said He would give a season.
And I saw a season of no bloodshed; it was like a little short season.
But as he was holding his cards, he said, 'I want the whole thing.
' And he was waiting until he was done so that they could get their people a rest to build their supplies back up, so that their troops could get a rest as they built all their stuff back up because they still were going to try to bring them into NATO.
And I saw them taking half of Kiev and saying, 'We want a proxy government coming in that is pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine, and we would have half the land.
We want all the land we took.
' And I saw the other guy mysteriously disappearing through like Jason Bourne.
He looked like Jason Bourne.
He was doing cocaine and had prostitutes all around him is what I saw.
He was in a beautiful room.
All right.
Next.
Anything else?
If you don't have anything else, that's fine, but we'll just pray.
I was already late.
More discoveries?
Oh, yeah.
He said, 'No more Mr.
Nice Guy.
' He posted that.
Yes.
Somebody's having fun with his social media.
'No more Mr.
Nice Guy.
' I don't know if to take it seriously or to think it's a joke.
Well, we'll see what that means.
I believe that they'll make that mountain glow in the days ahead.
But it will not be the United States that makes it glow.
It will be Israel.
Israel, I believe, will use a tactical thing on Iran in the days ahead on that mountain somehow—some kind of weapon we've never seen before.
But it won't be America.
And we can't say, 'Well, it was us that did it.
' It was Israel.
And watch; that's what's going to happen.
I saw it.
Now this is pretty cool.
Look at the headline of this.
This made me excited.
Now, I don't know if it's true, but if it is, wouldn't that be fun to read?
Even if it's not, I'll still read it.
I'll have Diana read it to me.
So this: 'Advanced images uncover lost New Testament pages hidden for over 800 years.
' So when you read this article, supposedly when they were making the Bible and they were doing things, they tore these pages out and they were passing them out to different churches when they found some of these writings, and they've matched the writings up with—was it Paul?
I believe so.
Paul's writings and the original text, and they were matching them up with things they have, and they said they match perfectly.
Now, is it real?
I don't know.
But I thought it's pretty cool.
42 lost pages of the New Testament.
It's a manuscript discovered.
Is it true?
I don't know.
But is this some of the stuff I told you they would find?
They're finding things, archaeological discoveries, things like that.
So, I don't know.
Can we get excited about it?
I don't know.
You know, I pray it's not manipulated or anything bad.
I don't know what it says, but it's kind of neat.
I thought, 'Hey, that's kind of cool.
' So, is that it?
Pretty neat, though, huh?
Yeah, Paul.
Pretty cool.
You got it.
I'm so excited.
Jesus is coming.
I have such an anticipation for what's about to happen in the church, for the glorious outpouring that we're about to see, for the demonstrations and the manifestations.
I want to be one of those people that travel around with the band and just help set up the instruments or whatever I got to do for the preacher.
I just want to be a part of it so bad.
We talk about it all the time when the revival starts to take place, and I know what I've seen concerning our church and where we attend, going to John Kilpatrick's and Perry Stone's and all these others that we're believing for.
I just have such an anticipation that when this really kicks off, what is it going to be like to see it?
And I pray people putting it on Facebook and you see on social media and these things, everybody's like, 'This has just happened at our church and it's spreading and going viral.
' You know, I just get excited.
I have such an anticipation all the time for what God is about to do.
All right.
Do you have anything else, son?
Yeah.
They're saying he left when he left.
He left the interest the same day.
Whatever.
Of course he did.
Well, he's done, right?
When's his last day?
Next week?
Yeah, I think so.
May, something like that.
Thank God.
Yes.
Goodbye.
He was not pro-anything crypto or anything from what I understood.
He just...
that was rough.
Bad choice.
He was talking about UFOs again, but he's already said the same thing.
Yeah.
And that is such...
they want to find out about the UFOs and anything having to do with UFO or related material, and we're going to be releasing a lot of things that we have, and I think some of it's going to be very interesting to people.
I've interviewed people my first term primarily, but I interviewed some pilots—very solid people—and they said they saw things that you wouldn't believe.
So, you're going to be reading about it.
Yeah.
I think we're going to be amazed right before I come back.
They're going to talk about it a lot.
Brandon, it'll be on the news.
Even the president now is talking about the UFOs and all the things.
And the Lord warned us, right?
He warned me.
He said, 'Brandon, right before I come back, you're going to hear a lot about it.
They'll be talking about it all the time.
A great deception is coming.
' So now, President Trump...
we're going to release the files, all this stuff going on.
All right, we're done.
Yeah, I think so.
I'm just taking her spot right now.
Oh, he is.
She's getting ready to have her baby.
We're praying over her.
He probably doesn't want that job.
He's like, 'I quit.
Hire somebody else.
' We're not about doing this.
I can't even imagine.
Her job's hard.
Yeah.
He's like, 'I'm going to make it this short today.
It's just 10 minutes.
We're done.
You can ask five questions.
' When does she come back?
Six weeks maternity leave.
She probably gets more for what she does.
She gets a couple months.
He's like, 'Please.
' All right, let's pray.
You ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
How long was that?
45 minutes?
Not too bad, huh?
Trying not to waste your all's time.
I enjoy doing this with Braden.
He has fun finding the articles and shows us this stuff.
He works hard and I love what my son does.
He's a good kid finding this.
'What's going on in the news, Dad?
' I thought it was funny he didn't want to leave.
What?
I thought it was funny he didn't want to leave.
Yeah, Jerome Powell.
Yeah, Jerome Powell doesn't want to leave.
He's looking for a new job.
That's why he's on the unemployment line.
He doesn't get benefits anymore.
Let me see if mama—I think she was—are you going to tell her to pray or what is she doing?
It's all right.
Yeah, there it is.
Need a job, 2026 interest rates.
Oh no, Braden, so funny!
Oh, Father, we just thank You for humor, that we laugh and enjoy life.
We know, Father—I believe I know in my spirit what I believe—and that, Father, the greatest days for the church are just in front of us.
We have never seen what we're about to see.
I thank You, Father, for every person that's represented here tonight, that they're believing.
They're believing with me that we are stretching forth as a mighty prayer army, several hundred thousand strong, believing for the impossible: for our financial breakthroughs, for our healing breakthroughs, to walk in mental clarity, and all the things that people are asking for—prayer requests for their kids, for healing for their children, for healing for their churches to have revival, and for their pastors to get refreshed.
There're so many things that people are always asking, 'Brandon, could you pray for this?
Could you pray for that?
' And Father, we lift every single need up tonight.
There's nothing too hard for You.
Are you good?
Do you want to come in and pray, or are you going to be on the sidelines tonight with me?
I can come in and pray.
Okay, you can.
Here, Charlotte, I got my friend.
Hold on, wait.
Here, I'll get you.
Hi!
So, what's everybody doing?
Everybody getting ready to take communion with us?
It looks like he hasn't taken it yet.
Yeah, Megan took them.
Are you looking for communion?
Megan took the water.
Oh, water.
Yeah.
Well, I figured you'd need something, maybe, and I didn't want you to go thirsty.
It was cool; we saw Denise Renner at the hamburger shop today.
Yeah, when we were getting the kids something to eat, and she was there eating.
I thought that was pretty cool, seeing her there.
If anybody knows Rick Renner, that was his wife, and he was doing something, I guess, and she was there eating.
I thought that was pretty cool to see her today.
I said, 'Hello.
' All right, I was talking to them about being stirred up as a church, being excited because we're getting ready for Jesus' coming.
You know, I try to get everybody to be anticipating—to have anticipation for the manifestations of the glory in your church—getting excited because God is about to show up and show off!
Yes, for a supernatural wealth transfer.
A shot in the arm.
Did you see the thing Braden made?
No.
What?
'President Trump says the UAE will lower gas prices.
President says the UAE exiting OPEC will lower gas and oil prices.
' Oh, that's good as a background.
Yeah, it was for a thumbnail; I was proud of it.
Yeah.
Father, we just thank You, Father, for Your day.
You're so talented.
Yeah.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've done and all that You continue to do.
Lord, we're so excited, Father, for the great revival that is ahead of us.
Father, we are anticipating being in that place of overflow—physically, spiritually, financially—and Father, we will be, like I said, getting a bus and traveling all over.
I can't wait!
California, Azusa streets all over the place.
You've got to taste every flavor because every church is going to have a flavor.
It's going to be amazing.
I cannot wait, and I just believe we're right on the edge of this.
It's about ready to happen, just praying this thing through.
When the Pensacola revival happened, they said they prayed for two years prior, and then it happened on Father's Day.
And then Azusa Street happened through great prayer.
The Welsh revival happened through great prayer.
So let's be the next move, the prayer warriors that bring forth the revival in your area.
There are, like I said, over several hundred thousand people that pray all the time.
So just think: they did it probably with like a couple hundred people.
But just think of what God's doing in these last days, that we can take communion together live and believe Him live for Australia—all these at the same time—to believe for revival in your area.
Let's believe together tonight.
Let's believe that revival starts with you.
Tonight is the night of the turnaround we're looking for, that we will break through that veil, that this will be the time of the change going into the 30th, and we can mark it on a calendar.
Stamp it!
That's when we started seeing significant change, like we did last night praying with Paisley.
That was amazing.
And praying for the youth and the revival in the youth.
The Lord already said through Tommy Hicks' visions that the greatest outpouring is the church rising up.
And so I just believe we're there.
Why not our generation?
Why not now?
Right?
If we don't grab ahold of this...
We have people that say, 'Well, I believe it could be later.
' Why not us, and why not now?
So Father, we are just bulldogs about this, that we will stir people up inside of their spirit to get an expectation for the manifestations of the glory in the church.
It's not just church as usual; it's church unusual.
We're not just there to warm a chair, but we're there to experience the glory of God.
The manifestations of what God is going to do in these last days start with us and start with prayer.
As for me and my house, we're going to get it.
We're going to pray this thing through.
And I'm so thankful for all of you that are out there right now.
How many?
6,080 right now.
6,800 people right now in the middle of the night.
6,900 and growing!
So we thank you for every single one of you, all 6,000 of you.
I'll come on earlier.
I think if we come on at 7 o'clock—start doing prayer at 7 instead of 9, two hours earlier—it would be a better turnout for the people praying together, so people can go to bed.
Thank you, Father, for the body.
Lord, we give You praise and glory and honor as we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes we are healed.
Lord, now we take the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood that never loses its power.
Great is Your faithfulness to us.
We ask You, Father, right now...
we thank You, Lord, that we're forgiven of our sins.
We thank You, Lord, that we're washed in Your blood.
Thank You, Lord, that there are no open doors for the devil to kill, steal, and destroy in our lives.
We walk in abundance to the full until it overflows.
And the greater works—You're going to do greater works.
Finances, what we've seen...
the Lord said nothing like what we've seen.
You think blessings have been on the body of Christ in the past?
Wait until what God is going to do with you at last.
I'm believing this is the rocket fuel.
It's time.
It's not going to be, 'Well, we're just barely getting by.
' No, I believe it's time to believe Him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
It's time for jobs and better jobs.
Maybe you get Jerome Powell's job.
Oh no, that guy's already got that other job.
Father, we thank You for the blood right now in Jesus' name.
You believe it?
I believe a Christian could take Jerome Powell's job.
Take a poll: what time would they rather have prayer at?
They're saying yes to two hours earlier, Central.
I'll ask.
Okay, which one?
And then have them pick.
If you go with this poll, that's when we'll do it, Central time.
Whoever wins the poll is when we're going to have prayer.
Well, you know what?
I just thought 9:00 because I'm trying to hit Australia.
No, 6:00 is too early; we've got to eat dinner.
Whoever wins this poll is when we're going to start doing it.
You're going to pick 9:00.
They're all here.
Father, we just thank you for the blood.
Father, I just have so much joy inside because I know what you've told me today.
I have such an anticipation.
I feel like a kid at Christmas that something big is about to happen for the body of Christ.
I feel like that kid at Christmas when you're just wondering, 'What is Santa Claus going to give me?
' Maybe the other kids celebrate Santa Claus, but you say, 'What's going to happen tomorrow morning?
What's God going to do in the month of May?
What's God going to do over the summer?
' Yes, there's darkness and we've seen terrorist attacks and things, but we've got to focus on the other side of the quarter sometimes and know that it's not all bad.
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
Greater is he that is in us and it's good to focus on the other side of the quarter.
It was healthy for me because I see so much darkness all the time.
And when God showed me the other side, he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to show you some of the other side today.
' He said, 'I know I bring this to you to have the people pray, but this is some encouragement for you of what I'm doing for my body.
' I got so excited.
I told Diana, 'This is going to be so fun.
There'll be people that the world will be so jealous of the abundance you're walking in.
decamillionaires.
Watch what God does.
' He said, 'I'm going to make decamillionaires, Brandon.
I'm going to turn it.
' And he said, 'Now, some of them, they were never supposed to have it' because they didn't have the character to handle it.
He said money only magnifies who you already are.
What your character issues are are just magnified because of the money that you receive.
The money didn't change them.
They were already that way.
It just brings to light who they are.
If they're arrogant a little bit and they start getting a little bit of money, the Lord said, 'Brandon, they're going to get real arrogant.
' There's some pastors and leaders in leadership that can't handle money.
And the Lord said to me, 'This is why.
If you see this happen, if they didn't have a pride problem, it destroys them.
Some folks can't handle it.
' You have to watch some of the things I show you.
In my heart, I just want to tell people and I want to help them.
I'm not a financial advisor, but I would love to just let you download everything that I have concerning some of this stuff, but the Lord said, 'No,' and I want to so bad.
I talk to Diana about it all the time.
I have Sister Clipboard, you know, because I get downloads all the time about stuff like this.
I'll be driving down the road and he'll just speak, and I'll go, 'Diana, look at what the Lord just said.
Write this down,' and I just pray over it.
But if I bring it to the immature people, they aren't ready for it and it'll destroy them because he said you can't do that.
I know that there's some of you that have heard the Lord.
And there's some of you that are anticipating and have obeyed him because he told me there's many on the channel that have heard me and their life is about to change in a 24-hour period.
Not in the next 24 hours, but he said in a 24-hour period everything will change for them.
But you will have to listen to him so carefully in the days ahead for what you're supposed to do because there'll be great rug pulls, great manipulation.
I'm stirred up about it.
I was so stirred up all day about it meditating on what he says, getting excited about what God is going to do in your life.
It's time to stop thinking bad and having a mealy mouth.
Can God show up in my life?
Can God do this?
Yes.
He's no respecter of persons, but he is a respecter of faith and he is a respecter of obedience.
Are you going to be obedient to what he's told you to do?
People think they haven't been obedient to anything he's told them to do and they don't qualify.
They disqualified themselves by being disobedient.
Follow what the voice of the Lord told you to do.
Qualify what the Lord tells you to do by being obedient.
The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
That's scripture.
He didn't say the stubborn and disobedient will eat the good of the land.
The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
So if you're willing, get ready.
And if you're obedient, get even more ready.
There it is.
Isaiah 1:19-20.
'If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land.
But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword.
For the mouth of the Lord has spoken it.
' So, do you qualify for the blessing?
Have you done what he's told you to do with what he's given you?
Have you been willing to do it in your heart, or did you do it grudgingly?
For God loves a cheerful giver.
Your flesh might not like it when he first says it, but you do it willingly.
You go, 'Okay, I'm getting willing.
I'm getting obedient.
' It's like he told me the other day when he wanted me to help Israel.
And he said, 'No.
I told you to be willing and obedient.
' I changed my attitude real fast.
I want to make you happy.
Let's make you happy, Lord.
God loves a cheerful giver.
What qualifies you for the blessing?
You have to ask yourself that.
I heard that by the spirit of God right then.
I felt the anointing hit my ears.
What qualifies you for the blessing?
That's it.
Take off that chokehold.
Come up higher in your thinking.
Many will talk as you walk the walk and you stay in sync with me.
Hang on to me.
I have greater days in store for you.
Much more.
In this day, a great day of overflow, and he wants to show exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask.
Favor isn't fair.
Favor, favor, favor.
Instead of days of labor, labor, labor, days of heaven on earth.
You either yield to it or you don't.
Favor instead of labor, toil with your hands.
But favor, days of favor, days of heaven on earth.
He said, 'As long as you give me the glory for it.
' As long as you keep the main thing, giving me the glory for it.
Always give me praise with your mouth and give me glory for it.
When they ask, 'Where did it come from?
' Jesus provided for me.
My Father has the cattle on a thousand hills.
Keep the main thing the main thing.
Don't exalt yourself.
Exalt me.
Give me praise for what I have given thee.
And some of you will multiply exceedingly by threes.
I saw the threes by tres.
As you stay in sync with me each day, he'll tell you when to hold it and when to stop, when to go, when to flow, and where to sow and be strategic in where I tell you to sow.
Give when I tell you to give.
Be strategic in your giving.
Don't give when you think you should give.
Give when I tell you to give.
Be led by My Spirit in your giving.
For there's an anointing on the seed when you obey when I tell you to give out of emotion versus spirit-led giving.
That's what He just said: be led by My Spirit.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
Right?
So you see that.
I see it right then.
And when you see the canker, the devourer, the cankerworm, and the devourer eating those up around you and you're flourishing and your vineyards and your houses are full of godly treasure, you'll be able to share with those around you because it's been laid up for you.
For great drought will come around those and you'll be that place, the man with the pitcher in his hand, as the Holy Spirit flows and ministers to them across the land, and the greater manifestations will flow out of compassion.
It's laying hands on them to give the whole man spirit, soul, and body—healed in your emotions, healed in your body, healed and restored in your mind and your finances to be whole.
It's not a prosperity gospel.
That's why people say, "Well, it's prosperity gospel.
" The Lord said, "No, it's not that.
It's an obedience gospel.
" The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
Don't get jealous of someone's harvest; you don't know what they have sowed.
For whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
Either you believe it or you don't.
It's an obedience thing.
Don't get mad at the reaping because it's just as much as sowing.
You have to become good at sowing and reaping.
If you're not good at reaping, you're not obeying the laws of seedtime and harvest.
You sow, you reap.
You don't sow and just let it die.
There is a return and significant return by multiplication.
Don't worry about what they say if they want to be in the crowd.
Soon they will be free.
It's time to expect the unexpected.
What would be unexpected?
Stretch.
Believe in Him for more expiration dates.
I love that.
"If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land.
But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword," for the mouth of the Lord has spoken it.
Thank You, Lord, for the obedient.
We pray and obey what the Spirit of the Lord has told us to do today.
We pray and obey.
And we thank You, Lord, that the devourer has been rebuked.
And the greater things will we do.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Jesus.
It's time for the greater overflow.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord, for creative ideas of how to get the wealth—creative ideas of how to get it out of the world's hands into the economic hands of the church, to pay off the churches, to give missionaries stuff that they need to be able to do everything by sowing a seed.
Oh Father, I thank You, Lord, that we lack no good thing.
Angels of the Lord—angels, aid and assistance—we send you out right now.
Go, ministering spirits, and cause it to come forth.
Supernatural increase in the name of Jesus.
We yield to that.
We yield to the blessing on our households, that we have jobs and better jobs.
Father, they'll be promoted this week; their boss is going to come in and say, "Listen, you've been a good, diligent employee.
We're going to give you a raise.
Nobody else got a raise, but you will.
" Well, if you don't believe that God will, then that's where you are.
But why not you?
Why not you and why not now to be the shift manager or the manager or the VP or the district manager?
You could be the district manager of whatever company, and they call you tomorrow and say, "Listen, we don't know why we're doing this, but we know that you have the qualifications.
We just overlooked you, but all of a sudden we want to bless you.
" Why not you?
Instead of being just the teacher of the school, you're the principal.
Thank You, Father, for You are our exceedingly great reward.
You're our abundant supply.
You are able to do it.
I am fully persuaded that the stimulus is coming.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that President Trump—we're not looking to him; we're looking to You.
But we thank You, Lord, that we are not a part of the economic system; we're part of Your system.
And we believe, Father, for the certain things that You showed us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Oh God, we give You praise and glory.
Healing in their bodies, healing in their minds, Father, that their marriages are restored.
We call their marriages better than they've ever been.
Their marriages have good love lives.
They're friends.
They're not struggling in their marriage.
They have compassion for one another.
They're not always bickering.
Father, we call good marriages, godly marriages in this right now.
We thank You, Lord, that You're stirring those old flames of love.
Nobody is going to get a divorce.
Nobody's going to get separated.
They are going to stay together and they're going to get along.
We're agreeing with you.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
So, Father, we lift up their marriages right now.
We say repent of the word curses you have been speaking out of your mouth.
Stop saying bad things over your marriage.
Say it: "I repent for saying bad things about my marriage.
My wife is wonderful.
My husband is wonderful.
We'll get along.
We love each other.
Our love life is better than it's ever been.
We're going to stay together until the day we die.
We're not going to get divorced.
" You've got to speak life out of your mouth.
Well, you don't know who I'm living with, Brandon.
I'm telling you, she had to deal with a lot with me.
I've been a rascal.
I've not always been the nice guy.
But I'm telling you, I love you, Dino.
You ask my kids; back when Megan was first diagnosed, Braden knew it was hard, but we chose to fight it together and to fight it through.
I said, "I'm not giving up on you and you're not giving up on me.
We're making this work.
" The statistics were 75% of all marriages get a divorce with a child with autism.
And I said, "I'm beating the odds.
I'm beating statistics.
" And it was rough.
But now I look at it and I don't think it was rough anymore.
Now I go, "Whatever.
" I used to be such a Type A personality, and I'm breaking out of that.
The Lord will melt you and help you and cultivate love, and you get through things and you say, "Listen, we have our differences, but I love her more than I've ever loved her before.
" We talk about it all the time.
I say, "I don't know how I could love anybody more than I love you, and vice versa.
" I'm not trying to make you blush, but it's the truth.
You need to speak life over your marriage.
You have to speak life.
No one else is going to do it.
No one else really cares.
Either you want to fight for something or you don't.
Say, "I repent for saying bad things.
I may say something stupid out of my mouth sometimes.
Oh God, I call crop failure over that.
Forgive me.
I shouldn't say stupid stuff.
" When you get mad and say something stupid, repent and walk in love with your marriage, right?
And that's the same thing with your kids.
Bless your children.
They're not good-for-nothings.
They're not lazy.
They're not angry.
They're not rebellious.
I don't ever speak word curses over my kids.
You speak blessings over them.
"Oh Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are training these children up in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
" I believe, God, that you have a hand on my children, and that they are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, and every tongue that rises against them will be condemned.
I will not stand for it.
We plead the blood of Jesus.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
And I don't let them just hang out with just anybody.
And it's just the way it is.
We don't let our kids go and hang out with certain things.
We just don't do it.
Period.
I don't know what you're doing behind closed doors.
People have a church face, and it's all holy in church, and then when they get in the car, it's a totally different person.
You don't know who they are behind there.
And I don't have time to try to discern and pray for everybody to make sure my kids are going into a wolf's lair—a safe environment?
You don't know if the guy's a pedophile or she's a pedophile.
You don't know.
And nowadays, I'm like, "No, we're good.
" Until I get a download from the Holy Ghost, you aren't going around anybody until I know, because we don't know who they really are behind the doors of their own home.
We just don't do that.
They're my treasure.
Watch who your kids hang around.
It's so important you protect the gift inside of them.
We don't let anybody around our kids.
We don't.
Period.
"I don't know who you are.
We want to do this with them.
" "No, I'm sorry.
" Or I just ignore you if you ask too many times.
I don't want it.
No.
Leave me alone.
Does that make sense?
And you've got to protect the treasure that's inside of them.
"Well, they mean well.
" I don't care.
I don't know you.
I'm not responsible for your feelings; I'm responsible for what I'm responsible for.
And when I went up there and got that shot, I still hold it very strong: I should have never done that.
I take full responsibility for giving the vaccination to my daughter.
But I refuse to not be prayed up ever again and let those things happen.
I said, "Listen, I take full responsibility because I see my daughter still overcoming at 21 years old," sitting in her room and overcoming what she's still overcoming.
Yes, she's come a long way, and we give God all the glory for that.
But it was my choice.
It wasn't Megan; she couldn't speak for herself.
"I don't want that shot, Daddy.
" I take full responsibility for it.
And she's still living my decision as a father to give her the flu vaccination.
And in the natural, I'm believing God for her healing.
And I believe that the Lord has healed her.
But until you live it, you can't say anything to it.
And it's a hard pill to swallow at 21 years old.
You see her, and my niece and everybody, they're all getting married, and my daughter's still lying in her bed.
And you look at it and go, "Man, life goes on.
" She's graduating college—my niece is a couple weeks younger than my daughter—and she's getting married in the next couple weeks.
That's a hard pill to swallow.
When you look at your daughter and we still have to bathe her, and you have to get her dressed every day and make sure she's clean and sanitary, and you've got family that are getting married and going off, and you still have a child lying in the bed, and you go, "That was my choice.
" And that's like I said—I, and people go, "Why are you the way you are?
" I'm very intense about a lot of things because I've been through hell.
And people will never get it until you've walked through the valley of hell.
And I'm trying to help you to speak good things out of your mouth towards your kids and bless them.
Bless them.
There's always some "Sister Clipboard" or some preacher behind the pulpit telling you there's sin in your life or whatever happened, when they don't know.
When you walk through the valley, there's no sin.
It's clean—as clean as the blood.
The blood washes me clean.
And it's always a Christian cop-out to always try to explain away Charlie Kirk's death: "Well, you know, he probably had an open door.
" That's the bully Christian side: "He didn't use the authority.
" And the same thing.
I have more compassion for people with special needs than you could ever imagine because I live it.
I still live it every day.
And I weep with those that weep with children with special needs.
And they'll send me messages and say, "My child's still overcoming.
Will you please pray for me?
" And I go, "I've been there.
I'm still living it.
We both are.
" Forgive me for that; it's bad verbiage, but it's just as much.
But I try to encourage you to be thankful for what you have.
If you have a child that gets up every day and gets their clothes on and is able to go to school and have friends and be able to do it, protect that child's gift even more.
Don't take for granted what you have, because there's somebody believing for what you have.
Somebody out there is believing for the healing in what you have.
And they may be walking in and being a rascal right now and have a bad attitude, but be thankful you have that to pray for versus this, because I'm telling you, it's rough some days.
And don't curse them with your mouth; bless them and say, "John is coming home.
My child's going to know Jesus Christ as Lord and personal Savior.
He may be backsliding right now, but I know my angels are going out right now and bringing this child home.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
" And then there's some of you that say, "Well, Brandon, at least you have a child that's still alive.
Mine died.
" And I can't relate to that because I never had that, and I have compassion even more for you, too.
"I never had that happen.
" "My child passed away of this disease.
" "My child had this and they died.
" Everyone has a story, but everyone will have a testimony too, if you don't give up and lose faith in what God's called you to do.
I believe it, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for those people.
And that's why we're believing for them tonight.
I just believe that tonight's the night of their turnaround in their finances, in their household, in everything they put their hands to.
God, you're going to turn it around for their good.
That healing belongs to them, deliverance belongs to them, and no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
We are always in the right place at the right time.
We are always doing what God's called us to do, and we are not following the devil's voice.
I don't know who that was for, but I felt inside to say it.
So I can get in a different river now.
But I just wanted to—it's like a stir inside of you.
Stir.
My marriage is good.
I will have a marriage that does not fail.
I'm blessed in my marriage.
I'm expecting change in my marriage.
I'm expecting her to be saved.
I'm expecting him to be saved.
I'm expecting us to go to church and to pray together.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
And then anoint their pillow before they go to bed.
Get some of this and anoint it.
Maybe you get some of this off of Amazon and say, "I apply the blood of Jesus over my husband's head," and put it on his pillow, and maybe even put it on his socks or something, and anoint him and say, "Devil, you can't have him.
You can't have her.
" I cover and, you know, maybe wake up and you dump some on his hair and he wakes up.
"Why is my hair so greasy today?
What is that?
I smell something...
it smells real good.
" "What is that?
" You know, but I feel so different and light today.
He starts going in his sleep.
He might have a devil.
He goes, "Oh, come out of him.
" "Oh, what did you say, honey?
" He starts growling, manifesting.
It's all right, honey.
You're just getting some help.
You pray for him.
It's all right.
It's okay.
Just calm down.
It's all right.
Don't worry about it.
Just go back to sleep.
Hey, I've seen it.
I've seen it.
God is able.
And he's no respecter of persons.
Do you believe it?
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, for fixing what the cankerworm ate.
I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing back what the cankerworm, Father, for restoration of all things, healing and restoration.
We call new godly spouses—for those that are single and are in agreement with you, we call in godly spouses for you.
We call in the right one: Prince Charming or not a Delilah.
What is a good woman?
You don't want a Delilah.
I was going to say Prince Charming or Ruth.
A Ruth.
Yeah, an Esther.
You need an Esther.
You don't want a Delilah.
Stay away from Delilah.
If she starts asking you, like Billy Burke said, if she starts asking you what your strengths are instead of your weaknesses or whatever, run.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing godly spouses.
We're calling them in right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that they don't have to be single anymore, that you have the right mate for them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a good friend first.
And when they turn into good friends, Father, they fall in love.
And Father, they'll have a good marriage.
Father, this isn't based out of lust and sexual things, but it'll be based out of a friendship.
We thank you, Father, that this would be a godly experience—not just like all one-night stands in this trash of dating in the world, but it will be a godly experience: Bible studies, staying in prayer groups, staying out of sin.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people will have godly spouses and keep it pure, keep it holy.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
You're sending them right now.
Even if they have to move from across the United States of America, we thank you.
Or wherever they're living, we thank you, Lord.
They have to move across to Australia, move across Asia, we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing the right godly spouse, and they will not get an Ishmael.
They will not get an Ishmael.
We thank you, Lord.
They'll get their Isaac.
They'll get their Boaz.
They'll get their whatever.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
He's able.
He'll give you the desires of your heart.
And if your heart's desire is to have a godly woman or a godly man, God will give you the desires of your heart.
Thank you, Father.
You bring them a spouse; that this would be a year that they find their love.
2026 is not over with yet.
It's not even halfway.
And we thank you, Lord.
They'll close it out and have a Christmas present.
Maybe that's too fast, but we believe it.
It could happen.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
I believe that with you.
I don't know who this is for, but I'm believing with you.
Do you believe it tonight?
I'm believing with you.
You're not going to be single anymore.
God's going to bring you a godly spouse.
I hear this.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I'm trying to tell you what I'm hearing Him call for.
Call this forth, Brandon.
I'm hearing Him.
I'm not trying to waste your time.
Whoever this is for, receive it.
Receive your marriage getting better.
It's not something cute to pray.
This is true.
I'm hearing this by the spirit of God.
It's lighthearted because people need to laugh a little bit.
I'm telling you, I'm hearing this.
Call forth spouses.
Call forth being not alone anymore.
Call this out by the spirit of God.
Call this out and say, "Father, I believe, I receive.
I'm going to have a godly wife or a godly husband that's going to pray with me and read the word with me, and I'm not going to have some Jezebel up here anymore trying to date me or whatever.
" Don't call your wife a Jezebel if you're married, but I have to make that clear.
But you may be dating a Jezebel.
You don't want to date her.
Run.
God, hallelujah.
It's not funny.
I'm laughing about it, but I'm hearing what He said.
It's the truth.
That's what He said.
I heard Him.
Thank you, Jesus.
Lord, we thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Jesus.
All right.
Now, there's many of you that are going to the wrong churches, and God's going to assign you to the right churches.
There's many of you who have been planted in the wrong churches, and God's going to...
and I'm not trying to tell you to move out of church.
Find a church if you're not in a Holy Ghost church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and believes in tongues and believes in what's coming for the glorious outpouring.
You don't want to miss this.
If you're in a dead church and they don't want a part of the revival that's coming, find a church that does.
Find a church that's stirred up and excited and anticipated and prays and believes.
It's like taking a poll and saying, "Listen, do you believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost?
Do you believe in the word that works?
If you pray for somebody and lay hands on them, they're going to get healed.
" If they don't believe that, why are you there?
If you can't call your pastor and say, "Listen, I'm overcoming and I need you to lay hands on me and pray for me that I'm going to be healed," you need to run.
Go to a church where they believe in the healing power of God.
Go to a church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Believes there's going to be a revival.
"Well, I don't believe that.
I believe the gifts died with the last disciple.
" You're in the wrong church.
Go to a church that believes in the fire, that believes that you can cast out a devil.
"Well, we don't believe there's any devils.
" Well, you're in the wrong church because there is.
I've been to churches like that and they...
you have you're overcoming something and they go, "Oh, he needs to go get on some meds.
" Are you kidding me?
Nothing wrong with meds if that's where you're at.
But I'm going to tell you it's not always about medicating everything.
Some things are demonic oppression and you need to be free.
People don't understand who they are and they allow the devil in by opening a door and the next thing you know you've got some kind of critter attached to you and you're going, "Well, I don't understand why I'm dealing with all this.
" But you opened the door for him to come in.
You say, "Come on, Mr.
Devil," and you let him in.
But then you've got to get somebody with some fire in them and get that devil off of you.
Don't go and say, "Well, I don't know how to do this.
" Well, stir yourself up.
It's time to get radical about Jesus.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Like I said, I'm not downing people who are on meds.
But I'm also saying find spiritual help too from the Holy Ghost and get in the word.
The truth will set you free.
Is it God's will for you to be on that for the rest of your life?
I don't believe that.
I believe that we will know the truth and the truth will set us free.
There's an expiration date to everything you're believing for.
Why not believe that?
You may be on this medicine right now, but believe you won't have to be on it forever.
I'm not trying to condemn anybody, but just believe for the best.
I will be off this sometime; I'm not always going to have to take this.
You might be on blood pressure medicine; I'm not always going to have to take this.
I believe I'm going to be healed.
I'm going to get this weight under control, and I'm not always going to have to take that.
I believe there's a turnaround in my life.
Thank you, Father.
So, we're believing for your health right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you that you're healing diabetes tonight.
You're healing heart problems, high cholesterol, and leaky gut issues.
You're healing right now, I believe, fatty liver disease and hiatal hernias.
I just saw that.
Somebody has a hiatal hernia.
It's on the valve of the stomach; I see it right next to the sphincter of the stomach.
I'm seeing somebody being healed in the valve of their stomach right now.
You have acid reflux to the point where GERD, this acid reflux, is eating your esophagus so much as you lay down, and the Lord is healing that hiatal hernia right now.
If you feel warmth in that, believe and just give Him praise for it right now.
I believe you're being healed of a hiatal hernia with GERD reflux coming up and eating your esophagus.
I see this by the Spirit of God.
So much so that they tell you that you have to have surgery and be healed of this hiatal hernia in the mighty name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, I call acid reflux and bile to be normal.
I believe that with them.
I agree with them.
Thank you, Lord, for healing their bodies.
Greater days are in store.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
That's neat.
Never seen that one before.
I'm amazed at Him.
He'd use some guy to come on YouTube and do this, and He gives me a vision about somebody's stomach.
Billy, never lose your amazement of my friend Jesus.
Never lose being amazed at what He does.
He is amazing.
I see what I see.
And He said, 'I'm healing this on a stomach.
' GERD, bile.
The ankles—gout with the ankles.
It's gout.
I see gout being healed, splitting and cracking.
It looks like red splotches all over your ankles.
They're huge.
I see these ankles that are oozing very painful sores, and I hear gout.
It's something to do with your blood.
The Lord said, 'I'm healing their blood.
I'm healing the flow of the blood so much that they can't walk.
' It makes them walk differently.
Big ankles, huge feet.
It looks like you don't even have an ankle; it's like a foot and a calf, one big massive thing.
And I see it splitting.
There's so much pressure and swelling that it causes your ankles to goo.
It's like splitting.
I thank you, Lord, that you're healing that right now.
All gout is being healed right now in the name of Jesus—healed and whole and well.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
That was amazing.
I don't have that, but when I said it and called it out, my legs got warm.
Thank you, Father, for your healing over their bodies.
Hallelujah.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
In your mouth, you have an abscess in your tooth, and right now there's an infection so much in your mouth from this abscess that it gives you very bad breath.
It's because of a cavity and the decay has eaten so much, and you have infection in your gums.
The Lord says He's healing this infection out of your gums.
I even see your tooth being restored.
It's like a decay in your mouth.
I believe for creative miracles.
This will take a creative miracle for a new tooth like that or for you to save that tooth.
Lord, this is on You.
This is cool; I want to watch this.
That pain is going away.
It's drying up right now.
That infection—you've had fever in it.
And this is even in a foreign country.
I see them in Africa, South America, and Asia.
There are many of you that have teeth problems.
The Lord is touching your teeth.
It's almost like a decaying of the gums when your gums are falling out and your teeth are loose from the rotting.
Your teeth are actually moving around; your gums are trying to reject your teeth, and the roots are actually coming up.
But the Lord is cleansing it with the Holy Ghost cleansing.
Thank you, Father.
No sepsis of the blood.
I see sepsis causing the pain; it's when the infection tries to get into your blood.
Hallelujah.
I'm excited for you.
Healing belongs to you.
We thank you, Lord, for healing their teeth right now in the name of Jesus.
Healing of the mouth, healing of the jaw, no more bad breath, no more decay.
I see eardrums popping open right now.
You've had a hole in your eardrum.
The Lord is repairing that hole in that eardrum right there.
Be thou loosed in the name of Jesus.
Be healed.
You deaf and dumb spirit, come out in the name of Jesus.
Open their ears.
We thank you, Lord, for all that You have in store.
Plantar fasciitis.
It's something with the feet.
I see the arch of the feet.
Healed in the arches.
Fallen arches in the feet.
Pain in your feet.
Thank you, Jesus.
Healed and whole and well in the right foot.
It's very clear; I see an arch of a foot.
What is plantar fasciitis?
Diana, what is plantar fasciitis?
It is a common cause of stabbing pain, often worse with the first steps in the morning, resulting from overused, damaged tissue all along the bottom of the foot.
It's the arch.
The Lord said He's healing the arch.
It causes stabbing or aching pain in the arch.
That's what the Lord said He's healing.
It's in the right foot.
But if you have it in the left, receive it for the left.
That's amazing because I actually feel the warmth on my feet.
He said He's bringing this to His people today.
Healing, healing, healing.
And it's in my left foot, too.
Receive it in your left foot, too.
Thank you, Jesus.
That's amazing.
My feet are on fire.
That's really neat, Diana.
That's never happened before.
Something new.
My feet are on fire.
Jesus is touching these people.
I can see it in the vision, but I felt it being healed in the area of my foot.
It's time for you to run.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Jesus.
Deliverance in their feet.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
That's really neat.
I appreciate you; that's something.
Thank you, Father.
Colon problems, and this is with polyps.
I see polyps in the colon dissolving.
Polyps, painful colon, polyps in the colon dissolving.
And they are not cancerous yet.
The Lord said, 'This is not cancerous yet.
It's a polyps that is painful.
' You say you're having pain there, and the Lord said he's dissolving it.
It's not cancer yet.
The Lord said that it has the chance to turn into this, but the Lord says he's delivering you today from colon cancer.
It's even dissolving today in Jesus' name.
Healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
All polyps go away today in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
Healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus over that colon today.
All polyps go.
All blockages go in the name of Jesus.
From head to toe, the colon is functioning like it's supposed to.
We take authority over the constipation and the blockages in the name of Jesus.
The Lord's talking to me about diets.
He said it's not enough roughage in their diets.
I see the wheat and the berries.
They try to say it's diverticulitis, but the Lord says he's healing a prostate today.
I see prostates being healed.
Healed and whole and well.
Prostate infection, slow urine, and hard to urinate is clearing up right now in the name of Jesus over the prostate.
A prostate infection, enlarged prostates—the prostate is being healed today.
This is very painful for you.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
We give you praise and glory for it, Lord.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
I see prostates being healed.
Praise God.
Prostate enlarged, very enlarged.
It's blocking the urine flow and it's so painful, and the Lord's healing it right now.
Colons, prostates—isn't that interesting?
It's all in the same area.
Feet—the Lord's just taking care of everything for y'all tonight.
Ain't that neat?
Hallelujah.
Just receive it.
If you see a sudden change, something happening in you, let us know in the comment section.
Say, 'I just received it.
Something's different.
' If you feel something has changed, let us know.
Say, 'I feel something different.
' Brandon, if you see different results or something going on in your body—you feel warmth, you feel something—email us.
Tell us.
We want to know.
I'm seeing this.
This is wonderful what the Lord is showing me tonight.
God is healing these people.
Hallelujah.
The Lord told me things are shifting.
He said, 'Get ready.
I'm on a cable show.
' This is neat.
Somebody emailed me and said they believe they just got healed from Lyme disease when you prayed about them.
I saw ticks and I saw a sore and the Lord said, 'This is Lyme disease and I'm healing their blood.
' It's happening more and more ever since he spoke.
What he said—new phase, new things happening.
He said, 'You're going to start walking in healings.
' And he said, 'Your gift is going to develop now into the healing ministry.
' And he said, 'You'll no longer just be a seer on the internet; you're going to go around to all these churches and you're going to lay hands on these people.
' He gave this word to me about a week ago and I told her, 'Get ready.
Our ministry is changing.
' The Lord said, 'I'm commissioning you to the healing ministry and you're going to start seeing and laying hands on people.
' Somebody said they believe they got healed from reflux.
Praise God.
I believe that with you.
Hallelujah.
He said, 'Your healing ministry has just started.
You've never known it, but you're going to start to walk over into this.
' I said, 'Okay, I'll do this.
' Now I'm tapping into it and I can see these people's body parts.
It's not just seeing about the future anymore.
I'm seeing stuff going on with them and I feel the fire of God on me.
That's absolutely amazing.
He told me it was coming.
I believe that you receive your miracle today.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I can see the picture and I can see it in color.
I'm seeing body parts, and I can see the tendons and things.
I can see their prostates where it's swollen and infected.
I can see the feet and the teeth—I can see the detail of the teeth.
The vision is different.
Instead of seeing in the world, I'm seeing about you, and I can see it so clear.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I don't know what to do with it yet, but I'm so thankful for it.
Well, I want to know if you've received your healing and it's real.
We ain't here to pretend.
This is not fake stuff.
If you really receive something, email us.
Let us know.
I want fruit behind what you see.
I believe you're healed in the name of Jesus.
I'm going to put this through all the other channels, all seven of them.
And I'm seeing people in foreign nations that don't have access to doctors being completely healed by the power of God right now.
Hallelujah.
Portuguese all around.
In the name of Jesus, it's time to walk in creative miracles, healings, and demonstrations and manifestations.
Are you expecting?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Lord, we're just yielded to you.
I'm so thankful that I'm a part of it.
Hallelujah.
I love you.
It's exciting.
It's a different vein.
I've waited for that for a long time.
I knew he told me it would come one day, but I'm seeing it.
And what's really neat, I can feel it in my body where it's getting hot.
It actually makes my feet feel hot.
I can feel the anointing on the body.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
We'll just pray some more.
We're so grateful for every single one of you that came out tonight.
We're praying over your marriages, for healing, for your bodies.
Believe for your miracle wherever you are.
I don't have to have a vision for you to receive your healing.
God is an ever-present help in time of need and he'll heal you right where you are.
You don't have to call the healing out and then go, 'Well, I didn't get mine.
' No, I receive it by faith.
I pull it down right now in Jesus' name.
The healing power of God is here right now and I believe it.
I can feel it.
There's something in the atmosphere that has shifted and I can feel it.
It's tangible.
This is for migraine headaches.
I see this.
The Lord said, 'You've had migraine headaches consistently all the time.
You get these migraines and they are so severe you have to lie down and go to sleep.
You're so sick with these migraine headaches.
' And the Lord is setting you free from migraine headaches tonight.
Yep.
Yes and Amen.
I call you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus over migraine headaches.
I command that demonic spirit to let them go right now in the name of Jesus.
Break off of their mind.
Break off of their thinking.
You let them go in the name of Jesus.
Now that is interesting.
And as I spoke to this, I saw a black cloak come off of your head and it had horses riding with it.
And these horses were wrapped up in this and it looked like a black chariot of the demonic.
It was these three horses that broke off of your mind and it was a spirit.
There's some kind of demonic attachment to this and the Lord is setting you free.
It looked like a chariot with a demon on it.
And it had three horses that were all black horses and it had a hold of this chariot and it was an old-looking chariot like Pharaoh would be on.
And when I said that, it broke off of your mind and we command that spirit to go now in the name of Jesus.
That is very interesting.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise for setting them free.
I believe you're free.
It was a dark cloud, like a dark wave, like water but with black molasses.
It was like something off the head.
And it had gray and all kinds of colors in it.
Hallelujah.
We believe you're free tonight in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for healing these individuals tonight.
We're so thankful.
We're so grateful.
Thank you for healing.
Thank you for demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
We're expecting, Father.
Lord, we're so grateful.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you for healing that gout.
Thank you, Lord, that it's gone in Jesus' name.
And I heard this: 'As they went, they were healed.
' The Lord just said don't worry if you don't receive it right then; you've already received it, but the full manifestation—as they went, they were healed.
Remember He said, 'As they went.
' I saw so many with this.
I saw three days concerning that gout.
This is a process and the Lord said, 'Three days.
' I see this one individual—now that may not be for everybody, but for one particular person, I see a three-day window.
'As they went, they were healed.
' The Lord says that specifically concerning the legs.
He said, 'As they went, they were healed.
' Brandon, this will be a three-day window.
That is really cool because I see the three days and they're coming before me like this.
I see the sun go up.
I see the sun go down.
It's three times.
That's why I said that.
Praise the Lord.
Let's read that.
'And they lifted up their voices and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.
' Verse 14: 'So when He saw them, He said to them, Go show yourselves to the priests.
And so it was that as they went, they were cleansed.
' And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, returned and with a loud voice glorified God.
So when it happens, don't be like the others.
Be like the one.
Give Him praise for what He's done.
As they went, they were healed.
That's what the Lord said.
That's pretty cool, Braden.
Good job.
I like that.
It went with what the Lord was saying.
Hallelujah.
What a mighty God we serve.
Healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
This has been really fun.
I like this.
When I'm seeing that, I enjoy this a lot better.
Praise the Lord.
I just want to hear fruit.
When you receive your healing, email us.
We're believing God with you.
That's exciting.
Thank you, Lord, for babies.
Now, pray over the babies.
Lord, we lift up these mamas and daddies before you that are believing God for a baby.
It's their heart's desire to have a child.
And I lift them up before you.
And we pray over anything that's hindering conception in any way, shape, or form.
And Father, we break these strongholds of demonic, satanic power against them.
Any principality, any power, any rulers over darkness, you've given us dominion over them.
And we call those things that be not as though they were.
We call the fallopian tubes to function.
We call the womb to function as it's supposed to.
We call the male's body parts, the reproductive system, to function as it should.
And we call this baby that is the heart's desire to come forth in the name of Jesus.
And we call this baby healthy and whole and healed in Jesus' name.
Nothing missing, nothing broken.
We thank you for all ten fingers, all ten toes, healthy brain function, no autism, no congenital issues, no Down syndrome, no chromosome issues, nothing.
In the name of Jesus, we call neurotypical children that are smart but do not have any issues.
We thank you, Father, for hearts that function, all body parts functioning, all organs functioning as they should, healthy Apgar scores, that they will latch on and nurse if the mother's nursing, that they will thrive.
We call babies that thrive, children that thrive.
And Father, we thank you that these families that are believing you for these children, that they will raise them up, that they vow before you, Lord, that they will raise these children up like Hannah sitting there, desperate for a child.
So desperate that she was just mouthing words to you because she was so desperate for you.
And Father, we thank you that same desperation, Father, we thank you that you see them and you hear their cries.
You hear their heart's desire.
You see what no one else can see.
And we thank you that Holy Spirit, come and touch their bodies right now.
Whatever they need, that you give it to them.
That you give them peace that passes all understanding.
That the fear and the torment and the worry and the constant thinking of women that are constantly wondering when they're going to ovulate, just the worry of constantly trying to track it, that constant nagging part of it—that they will feel you release that.
Father, Holy Spirit, that you touch them and you bring peace over their minds, you bring peace over their bodies, that they will trust you.
That they believe that you spoke it, you promised, and what you promised you will also fulfill.
And they believe that they will stand in faith and believe you for these things.
And we call them forth, even the things that be not as though they were, in the name of Jesus, that they will have peace and confidence in what you said and your promises in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I believe it.
And their vine will not cast fruit before its time.
We call full-term pregnancies.
No miscarriages in Jesus' name.
We call the curse of that is broken tonight.
I see that there's been a curse on your womb.
Now, I don't know if this is through witchcraft.
There's something dark concerning these miscarriages.
We rebuke this miscarriage in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
The Bible, you said you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
And we believe, Father, that the devourer has been found and the thief has been found.
And we call back double what you stole in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
We call back what the cankerworm ate.
We say blessing and increase on the child and on the womb of the woman.
And we say you will not have any more miscarriages.
And this curse has been broken in the name of Jesus.
And you've been delivered from this night forward.
We thank you, Lord, for divine conceptions, for healing, wholeness, and wellness.
We thank you, Lord.
Now, I'm not saying divine conceptions like Jesus—what I'm talking about is where you couldn't conceive—healing, wholeness, and wellness.
You've got to be married and have a husband.
It's not going to be a single woman like Mary; that's not what I'm talking about.
The Lord only did that once and that was with our Savior.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Yep, that's right.
The Lord said, 'That's right.
That's why you call it in.
It was a curse in the womb.
It's broken.
' And endometriosis—it's some kind of painful periods.
Painful, painful periods.
It's like you crawl up in a fetal position, painful to the point where you feel like somebody's stabbing you.
This is not God.
This is part of the curse.
And Christ has redeemed you from painful periods.
Your uterus, all of it, is healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
And we call those parents that just want to adopt a child—and we thank you, we bring that to you too, Father—that they will have divine favor, that they will not have to wait so long because I know that process can be very trying.
Father, we thank you for divine favor that opens doors where they need to be opened to these good homes that will raise these children that are wanting to be adopted, that need to be adopted into good, God-fearing homes.
We thank you that there's divine favor on these parents, that they will have doors open that they never could have imagined and that they will have the finances to supply for it.
Yes, for the application.
I love this, Diana.
That's right.
And that they will get divine favor, divine intervention to impart into somebody's life that just needs a good family.
And that's great.
We call adoptions done, and there's no more legal strongholds concerning this, that they would have good godly homes that teach them the word—these kids that just need a mama and a daddy.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We call forth these adoptions to happen now in the name of Jesus.
And they'll have plenty of finances to get it done.
Father, they'll even lower the price for some of these good homes.
Now, not everybody's qualified to be a mom and dad, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll get bumped ahead in the line, bumped ahead of other people that have been waiting for a long time.
That they'll have divine favor.
I believe that.
I stand with you.
If you're believing for an adoption to go through, we stand for that to happen.
We call favor where there seemed to be no favor and doors to be opened, and it be sweatless from this day forward.
I stand with you, even down to the agencies that they're talking to.
The adoption agencies, the people that they're talking to on the phone—where they may have been talking to this person on the phone and they were hitting a brick wall, all of a sudden they'll get a new person and they'll have divine favor in Jesus' name.
I believe that.
That's wonderful.
I agree.
I believe this.
It's time.
There's a lot of kids in orphanages that just need a good home.
Thank you, Lord.
Did you put it on the parents' heart that they would do this?
That's beautiful.
Thank you, Lord.
You're working on their behalf right now.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Oh God, we just praise you for that coming to pass right now.
It will surely come to pass.
And oh, what a beautiful Christmas season you'll have with this new baby.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
And many years to come.
Isn't that wonderful?
Happy homes.
Who's believing for happy children, happy homes?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
I'm excited for you.
I believe that with you.
That's cool.
That's really cool.
Yeah, I believe that.
Adoptions.
Holy Ghost adoptions.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Just like you adopted me.
Thank you, Lord.
You adopted me into your kingdom.
Yeah, I'm adopted.
I am so thankful, Father, for Holy Ghost adoptions.
Thank you, Father.
You pulled me right out of hell and right into heaven.
And he wants to do that for you.
Now, there's many of you tonight, and you're here and you tell me, 'Brandon, I've never accepted Jesus Christ as Lord and personal savior.
' Tonight's your night.
We want to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to get real with yourself right now.
You've been living a wayward life.
You've not been living right.
You know you're not living right.
You've been living in sin.
You just happen to be clicking by and you found us and you're like, 'What are these crazy people doing?
' But you're not here by accident.
You're here by divine appointment.
What is that?
That means your steps right now are being led by the Lord, and he's knocking on the door of your heart and he's saying, 'Will you let me in?
' You've been running for so long.
You've been living wrong.
You've been on the verge of self-harm, and you have come to the place right now in the middle of the night saying, 'I don't know if I can go on any further.
I don't know if I can make it any further.
Brandon, if you don't pray for me and call out what I'm going through with the depression and all this stuff, with drug addiction, with all the stuff you're dealing with, I don't know if I'm going to make it anymore.
' But tonight's your night.
God wants to take your mess and make it into a message.
He wants to turn your sorrow into gladness full of goodness and mercy.
Pressed down, and the goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life.
He wants to bless you.
He wants to give you an expected end.
I believe that tonight is your night to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
It's time for you to be all in.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
And there's no way to the Father other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
And if you're here tonight and you want to become born again, if you want to come back to the Lord because you haven't been living right, I believe that tonight's your night to turn this thing around.
How do I do that?
Well, you're going to say a simple prayer with me right now.
And you're going to say it with all your heart.
And I believe the moment you do that, you're born again.
It's not a hard thing.
It's not a religious thing.
It's a heart thing.
It's an 'I surrender all' thing.
It's 'I'm sold out to Jesus' tonight and I want to make him my Lord and personal Savior.
If I'm talking to you right now and you feel that tugging on your heart, you just put in the comment section, you tell us, 'I want to be saved.
I want to give my heart to Jesus.
I'm coming back tonight.
I've been backsliding.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
Would you please pray for me?
' I want to pray for you.
Just a simple little prayer.
I don't want to take a lot of your time, but this is the biggest decision you could ever make in your life.
Many of you—there'll be a lot of you that you won't make it through the night.
You'll go home to be with the Lord tonight.
Some of you Christians, you say, 'Hey, I went home last night, Brandon.
' I'll see you on the other side.
We'll high five and be excited we prayed together on this earth.
But there are many of you that don't know Jesus Christ and you could go home and you could spend eternity in hell.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You must accept Jesus Christ.
So I'm going to say this simple prayer and I just want you to say it with me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin I was doing.
I turn my back on the darkness that I was committing or whatever it may be.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
I sell out to you, Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I give my all to you.
Forgive me, Lord.
Wash me in your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that I am no longer living the way I used to.
Behold, you've made all things new by me confessing my sins before you right now.
Because the Bible says that if you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
So, I believe what the word of God says.
And as you have confessed it tonight, I say, 'I am now born again.
And if I die tonight, Lord, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that you gave me a fresh, clean start in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer with me, little simple prayer, I believe you just got born again.
What do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church like I talked about earlier, get plugged into church, get baptized in the Holy Ghost, and read the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
It will change your life.
When you get baptized in the Holy Ghost, you'll have firepower then.
Tell the pastor at that church or whoever's working there, 'Listen, I need to be water baptized' and find out when they're going to have baptisms.
Get baptized and get plugged in.
Get excited about your new decision.
Come over here and be a part of our prayer group.
We're excited you're here.
Like, subscribe, be a part of our prayer group, read your Bible every day, and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, we can get you a Bible.
Diana will tell you how to get your Bible.
Yes.
If you just go down to the description below, you'll see our email.
If you just put 'I need a Bible' in the subject and then put your name and your address, we will get one to you.
Just as a way of celebrating you, saying congratulations on the best decision you've ever made in your life.
We rejoice with you and I know all of heaven is rejoicing.
We're not going to ask you, we're not trying to solicit you.
We just want to rejoice with you and say welcome to the family.
We'll give it to you and we'll never bother you again.
We just want to tell you we love you and we're excited you're here.
And so what we will ask you is to like and subscribe and click the notification bell.
That would be cool for us.
It helps us with the algorithm to all you that are here tonight.
Did we have any salvations at all, son?
Yes.
Okay, we did.
Unless a man is born again, he will not enter the kingdom of God.
Isn't that amazing?
But Jesus died for every single one of us to walk in victory.
So, we're so thankful when Jesus touches the hearts of men and you become born again.
Behold, he makes all things new.
Jesus Christ loves you.
31 people at this late hour, 31 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
We're so thankful for all 31 of you.
Welcome to the family.
31 people.
Isn't that wonderful?
And there'll be many more over the next couple of days when they watch this video, especially because of Braden's thumbnail.
They'll all be kind of curious and people will ask, 'What is going on over there?
' They always want to watch if they stick around that long.
But we're so thankful that you're here.
God loves you.
We love you.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I know it went longer, but man, wasn't that wonderful?
I enjoyed that a lot.
I feel refreshed and I'm just excited.
We want to hear from you.
If you received your healing tonight, let us know in the email.
Email us.
Tell us, 'I got healed.
God touched me.
' We want to rejoice with you.
I want to hear about it and we'll tell your testimony in the videos in the future if you allow us to.
If not, if you want to keep it confidential, that's fine.
But we will tell about the goodness of God.
I want to sing of the goodness of God.
All my life you have been faithful.
And all my life you have been so, so good.
With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God.
You okay?
Yeah.
I saw you smiling.
Your mercy is running after, it's running after me.
All my life laid down, I surrender now.
I give you everything.
Your mercy is running after, is running after me.
And all my life you have been faithful.
And all my life you have been so, so good.
With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God.
I'm going to sing of the goodness of God.
Thank you, Lord.
We love y'all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again.
God bless y'all.
Bye-bye.